Daily Blast for MINES students
Wednesday, November 30, 2022
Today at Mines
Good Morning!

Join the Mines Activities Council in helping support local elementary school students and their families this winter break by participating in the MAC Gift Card Drive!

MAC is teaming up with Mitchell, Shelton and Welchester elementary schools to donate gift cards to families in need. All gift cards can be dropped off at the SAIL office, located on the first floor of the Student Center, now through Tuesday, Dec. 14. Suggested gift card donations are for grocery stores and fast food restaurants.

For questions related to the gift card drive, contact Alexandra Demopoulos at ademopoulos@mines.edu

Read on for more campus activities and announcements. Have a great day!

Your Daily Blast editors
Dates and Deadlines
Resident Advisor Information Session Today!
Interested in applying to be an RA? There is an info session today! Use the URL in the title for info on time and place.
Reuleaux Writing Grant for Undergraduate Researchers
Are you an undergraduate researcher looking to publish your work? Apply for the RWG today!
DECtech Outreach Program Hiring for Spring 2023
Apply for a paid Spring internship with DECtech! We offer 4-6 week after-school STEM camps for K-12 students!
Campus Announcements
Today - Study Abroad Tunghai Univ. Summer 2023 Info Session
Interested in studying abroad in Taiwan, register to learn more about the 2023 Summer Tunghai Mini-Semester program
Free Flu Shots and you can just walk in
Calling all Students - Free Flu Shots, Student Health Center. Walk ins welcome. Must be taking 4 or more credits.
Flu Shot Clinic on Wednesday in the Student Health Center
Calling all Students - Free Flu Shots, Student Health Center. Walk ins welcome. Clinic hours 1:15 to 3:00.
Don't wait, we're open late! PM writing support is available
Undergrad peer tutors hold drop-in sessions in the Library & professional consultants are available for online appointments.
Wrap up your final projects with the Writing Center
Professional writing consultants available online and in-person M-TH 9am-9pm; F 9am-5pm; and online-only Sunday evening 6-9pm
Geophysics Newsletter
Check out the newsletter to read more about the Geophysics Department and stay updated on this semester's projects.
Campus Events / Meetings
MAC-Tastic Gift Card Drive
Starting 11/30, come to SAIL and donate any food gift card and receive a box of Mac n' cheese! Help out your community!
Trivia Night and celebration for Fall 2022 Seniors in AMS
Join SWiM for trivia, as we celebrate our Fall 2022 graduates from SWiM and Math Club in our last event of the year!
The Importance of Women's Health Research
Discover the importance of women's health research with Dr. Judy Regensteiner!
Pause for Paws
Come by the Marquez Atrium on 12/9, 11am to 2pm to destress and pet some dogs to take a break from the finals stress.
Study, snack, and meet USG! 12/2, 12-3pm, Boettcher Room
Join the USG diversity, inclusion, and accessibility committee for studying and free coffee/snacks.
Hindu YUVA CSM-Manthan: reading activity 6-7 PM Alderson 141
Our endeavor is to read, discuss, and debate books which will enrich and broaden our understanding of different philosophies
Free Breakfast at the weekly CCUS Coffee Hour - today
Payne Institute presents Jason Eleson, GeoIntegra, discussing CCUS at the Bell Creek Field
Schlumberger Design and Dine Event on 11/30 at 6 pm
This Wednesday,11/30 in BBW250 at 6, Schlumberger will be hosting a Design and Dine event for ASME. Free Food for attendees!!
Hike for Help Shoe Drive
Visit Maple Plaza from 12-3 on 12/2 to donate extra shoes smaller than Men's 10.5. Help us send shoes to children in Nepal!
Sustainable Energy Celebration! 5:30 Wednesday, Nov 30th
Join us for burritos, drinks, free SE@M T-shirts, and great company to celebrate Sustainable Energy @ Mines!
Capstone Design@MINES Showcase is Dec. 1
Experience the next generation of engineering innovations with 17 student led teams showcasing design projects and prototypes
Register for this Week’s Graduate Writing Group, Friday 12/2
Grab some coffee and work on your fellowship, thesis, conference paper or any type of project at the Writing Center.
Clear Creek Cleanup!! Free Breakfast Burritos!
Do you want to take some time to relax and destress before finals? Join the Clear Creek cleanup!
Christian Challenge Weekly Meeting
Christian Challenge's weekly meeting is a time for fellowship, free food, and a message from Philippians! All are welcome!
Barista On Campus For Student Philanthropy Educational Event
Dec 8th at 9AM, Please join! Have free specialty coffee and hear about Philanthropy on campus before finals begin.
CSM Philharmonic Orchestra Concert Sunday @2PM
Your Own Colorado School of Mines Philharmonic Orchestra is performing this Sunday (Dec 4) in the Green Center at 2PM
Fencing Club Meeting Tonight 7:00-9:00pm in Friedhoff 2
Join us for our last meeting of the semester! Our meetings are open to everyone. No equipment or experience needed!
The Navigators Nav Night Wed 11/16 7:00-9:00PM BBW280
Join the Navigators for our weekly meeting! There will be fellowship and small group Bible study
The Navigators Nav Night Wed 11/30 7:00-9:00PM BBW280
Join the Navigators for our weekly meeting! There will be fellowship and small group Bible study
Join Theme Park Engineering and Design on Nov 30th in MC 313
We will be meeting to talk about the cool opportunities there are in facilities and operations services (FOS) at Disney!
Spring Club and Org Fair!
The Spring Club and Org Fair will be Jan 20th from 4-6pm Ballrooms A&B. All students welcome! Orgs click to sign up to table.
Philharmonic Orchestra Fall Concert - 4th December
Join the Music Program on the 4th of December at 2 PM in Green Center for a performance by the Philharmonic Orchestra
Mines Concert Band Presents: Holiday Greetings
Join the Mines Concert Band for a Winter Concert titled "Holiday Greetings" on December 2nd at 7PM in Green Center
Lunch and Learn
Dr. Kyren Bogolub, the Staff Seismologist at the Colorado Geologic Survey, will be sharing her experience in geophysics.
Paint figurines with Circle K part 2 (for real)!
Join us at 6pm this Thursday in Berthoud 206 to paint 3D printed figurines to be given out to students during finals week!
Presidential Fellow for DI&A Candidate #1 Presentation TODAY
3 p.m. Wednesday, Nov 30th in Metals Hall, Green Center
Meet Dudley Brown of Rocky Mountain Gun Owners!
HH209 Thu Dec 1 | Short speech and Q&A with America's leading no-compromises gun rights lobbyist! Pizza and soda provided.
Academic Lectures / Courses
Webinar - Financing India’s Clean Energy Transition - today
Payne Institute presents CEEW Energy Finance Director Gagan Sidhu on how big is the challenge and potential solutions
ME Seminar December 2nd @ noon in BB W280 (Krane)
Uncertainty Propagation Through Solidification Process Models (Matthew Krane, Purdue)
CBE Shell Seminar Series - Simon Thompson, US Dept of Energy
Dec 2nd, Simon Thompson presents his talk on Beyond Li-Ion Batteries: Low-Cost, High-Energy Density Lithium Metal Batteries
TODAY: EENG Seminar, Brown W210, 3pm. Click for details.
Please come hear Monte Giles, Director of Device/Network Technologies from Dish Network, discuss applications of 5G wireless.
Calc III in Peru, Summer 2023, Information Sessions
Take Calc III this summer in Cusco, Peru. Information sessions this week!
Seminar: Mining & Energy Transition 12/5 | 12pm FREE PIZZA!
Dr. Doug Wicks, ARPA-E, "Catalyzing the Renaissance of American Mining to Enable the Energy Transition"
Special Activities
Hip-Hop Workshop - Wednesday, Nov. 30th 8:30-10:00 PM
Need a break from studying? Then come join Mines Dance Team for a free and fun evening of moving and grooving!
Join MAC for a pajama movie night and make a stuffed animal!
Join us December 1st in your coziest PJs, sip some hot cocoa, watch the Polar Express and make a stuffed animal to take home!
Twistd TEA
TEA Alumni will be at the Golden City Brewery on the first Friday of each month chat about teaching after graduation.
Here it is, your Mines Moment of Zen
Sometimes even your best-laid plans run amok and all you can do is laugh. Brought to you by Every Oredigger
December Grads: Interested in joining Order of the Engineer?
Become a member of this international honorary engineering society at a special induction ceremony on Tuesday, December 6
Interact with robots and earn a $10 Amazon gift card!
MIRRORLab needs help with human-robot interaction research. Come interact with two robots and earn a $10 Amazon gift card!
Come Pour Liquid Metal with MME!
Free Pour Friday is open to students of all levels campus wide
Computer Science in Croatia - Summer Study Abroad
Spend your summer in Zagreb, Croatia while taking unique computer science courses at Algebra University College!
Athletics
SRC Reservations for Spring 2023 Open Soon
Online reservations for space in the Student Rec Center for the Spring 2023 semester will open on December 1st at 9:00 am.

----------------
To see Daily Blast Guidelines and FAQ, check the menu at the top of the page here.

Items must be submitted by 3 pm the business day prior to the next Daily Blast to allow time for review and approval.
