Thursday, November 10, 2022
Dates and Deadlines
The Bookstore Wants Your Course Materials Information
With registration coming up, the bookstore would like to have a complete list of all course materials for students.
Tonight: Writing Center drop-in tutoring in Spruce 6-9pm
Undergrads: Drop-in and work with Writing Center tutors at any stage of the process, from research and planning to revisions.
Undergraduate Research Scholar Distinction at Graduation
Are you a graduating undergraduate student researcher? You could receive Undergraduate Research Scholar Distinction!
Undergraduate Research Scholar Distinction at Graduation
Do you know a graduating undergraduate student researcher? Nominate them for Undergraduate Research Scholar Distinction!
Campus Announcements
Free Coffee in Appreciation of your Service
Veteran, military service members and military spouses: on November 11th, please enjoy a tall brewed coffee on us
Good Vibe Food Drive Final Days!
Make sure you bring non-perishable food to Mines Market or the Periodic table to donate to our Good Vibe Food Drive.
Hola, extrañas tu casa? ¡Lea su periódico local!
Read your local paper! From Iowa to South Africa. French, Turkish, Spanish, German, French, Welsh, Dutch, English and more...
Procurement and Contracting has a new and improved website!
Check out our new website at www.mines.edu/procurement - send us feedback to procurement@mines.edu!
Campus Events / Meetings
ASCE Meeting Friday 11/11- 12PM in Brown W250. Lunch served
Come hear from Dan Brown and Associates and learn about upcoming opportunities and events with ASCE
Explore Alternative Grad School Pathways
Considering medical school, a MBA, or other grad degree not offered through Mines? Check out today's virtual fair from 4-5pm
Join the Creative Writing Club Tuesday in McNeil 216!
All are welcome to join us--we are a group who simply love the written word--and we built a community to support it!
Mindful Monday Meditation Nov 14: Let's Go To The Beach!
Join us in the Arthur Lake's Library Boettcher Room Nov 14 at 3pm for the guided meditation "go to the beach!"
Mine Rescue Club
Come join the Mine Rescue Club on Monday 11/9 in BB125 at 6pm. We will be practicing a field and medical problem.
SPS Weekly Meeting!!
SPS meets weekly on Fridays from 1-2 pm in Coorstek 130!
Teach@Mines Advising sessions
Drop in advising sessions every day this week in CK286 and zoom appointments are available throughout the week and evenings!
Tomorrow: Astronomy Club Black Hole Bingo and Trivia Night
Astronomy Club will be hosting a game night on November 11 at 6:30pm in McNeil 313 with prizes and free food!
Academic Lectures / Courses
CORRECTED TIME: ME Seminar Nov 11 @ noon BB W280 (Williams)
Realizing Multi-Functional Products with Next-Gen Multi- Material / Modality / Scale / Axis Additive Manufacturing Processes
Hybrid - Shifts in Energy Geopolitics – Clean Energy - today
Payne Institute presents Morgan Bazilian at the Federal Reserve Banks of Dallas and Kansas City - Register Required
Parlez-vous français?
Oui! Keep your skills fresh by taking French 2 this spring! contact Madame Diercks (mdiercks@mines.edu) for more info.
Van Tuyl Lecture: Dr. Keiko Hattori, University of Ottawa
“Use & Misuse of Indicator Minerals in Exploration for Porphyry-type Deposits”, Thurs, Nov 10, Berthoud 241/ Zoom, 4PM
Special Activities
11/17 Lunch Bunch: Learn about Mines' UG Research Scholars
Visit with Dr. Lakshmi Krishna about the Mines Undergraduate Research Scholars Program
December Grads: Interested in joining Order of the Engineer?
Become a member of this international honorary engineering society at a special induction ceremony on Tuesday, December 6.
Hydration Station Tailgate - all are welcome!
Join for non-alcoholic drinks & yard games in the Q Lot before Saturday's game. With Wellness Promotion & Betsy's Friends.
Teach@Mines Study! (faculty, Admins, Advisors only)
1 hour focus group on 11/21, 2 surveys before and after a presentation, $60 gift card once completed!